---
tags: [meeting-notes]
---
# 2024-07-17 Conda Community Meeting 

[Zoom link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505?pwd=SWh3dE1IK05LV01Qa0FJZ1ZpMzJLZz09) · [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://dateful.com/convert/utc?t=5pm)

Various parts of the conda community gather on a regular basis. This meeting brings together all of these sub-communities for a community wide call.

## Attendees

| Name                   | Initials | Affiliation  | GH Username      |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| Jaime Rodríguez-Guerra | JRG      | Quansight/cf | jaimergp         |
| Katherine Kinnaman     | KK       | Anaconda     | kathatherine     |
| Dasha Gurov            | DG       | Anaconda     | dashagurova      |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |
|                        |          |              |                  |

## Attendees in Absentia

| Name                   | Initials | Affiliation  | GH Username      |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| Travis Hathaway        | TH       | Anaconda     | travishathaway   |

X people in total

## Introductions

- [ ]

## Announcements

- [ ] Mamba v2 RC is out: https://medium.com/@QuantStack/introducing-mamba-2-0-0e8d5c6d1d0c
- [ ] New conda-libmamba-solver 24.7.0 release (first since January!)
    - [ ] Also, [this conda-libmamba-solver PR](https://github.com/conda/conda-libmamba-solver/pull/457/) passes the test suite with v2

## New Agenda Items

- [ ] TH: Is there any possibility to schedule a community meeting that is a little more European timezone friendly?
      I am consistently unable to attend these meetings because they are so late in my work day (19 - 20), but I
      really like to come. Unfortunately, I'm also unable to attend this meeting :sweat_smile:, but maybe you all
      would be interested to discuss this. Please update me on the Matrix chat!
        - JRG: Better discussed async so we don't bias the conversation towards folks that do attend the meeting
- [ ] Dasha about formally joining the conda/communications team
- [ ] Discourse instance over 25K impressions a month. Limit is 50K, btw.
- [ ] Element vs Zulip: should we change?
    - Dasha to create an issue in the conda organization to gather feedback
    - Jaime did a quick demo of how it's used in the napari organization
- [ ] Wolf's CEPs for the new recipe format vote period has ended. Passed, but official counts need to happen.
    - Next one in line: (multi)test serialization, and test splitting to packages instead of bundling them under `info/`
    - Jaime: Can we put the new packages in different subdirs?

